# **1061** **Dating** **(20****分****)**

Sherlock Holmes received a note with some strange strings: `Let's date! 3485djDkxh4hhGE 2984akDfkkkkggEdsb s&hgsfdk d&Hyscvnm`. It took him only a minute to figure out that those strange strings are actually referring to the coded time `Thursday 14:04` -- since the first common capital English letter (case sensitive) shared by the first two strings is ==the 4th capital letter `D`,== representing the 4th day in a week; the second common character is the 5th capital letter `E`, representing the 14th hour (hence the hours from ==0 to 23== in a day are represented by the numbers from ==0 to 9== and the capital letters from ==`A` to `N`==, respectively); and ==the English letter== shared by the last two strings is `s` ==at the 4th position==, representing the 4th minute. Now given two pairs of strings, you are supposed to help Sherlock decode the dating time.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. Each case gives 4 non-empty strings of no more than 60 characters without white space in 4 lines.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, print the decoded time in one line, in the format `DAY HH:MM`, where `DAY` is a 3-character abbreviation for the days in a week -- that is, `MON` for Monday, `TUE` for Tuesday, `WED` for Wednesday, `THU` for Thursday, `FRI` for Friday, `SAT` for Saturday, and `SUN` for Sunday. It is guaranteed that the result is unique for each case.

### Sample Input:

```in
3485djDkxh4hhGE 
2984akDfkkkkggEdsb 
s&hgsfdk 
d&Hyscvnm
```

### Sample Output:

```out
THU 14:04
```

### 总计

这边的终结就是: 认真读题。还有自己的词汇量，明显的不太够了；

比如 4 th captial letter  and English letter.



星期的单词怎么写，Monday Tuesday Webnesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday;

月份也可以回顾一下：

还有一个就是两个有明显步骤，与先后顺序的话，还是分部写比较好

