## 1017 Queueing at Bank (25 分)



Suppose a bank has *K* windows open for service. There is a yellow line in front of the windows which devides the waiting area into two parts. All the customers have to wait in line behind the yellow line, until it is his/her turn to be served and there is a window available. It is assumed that no window can be occupied by a single customer for more than 1 hour.

Now given the arriving time *T* and the processing time *P* of each customer, you are supposed to tell the average waiting time of all the customers.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains 2 numbers: *N* (≤104) - the total number of customers, and *K* (≤100) - the number of windows. Then *N* lines follow, each contains 2 times: `HH:MM:SS` - the arriving time, and *P* - the processing time in minutes of a customer. Here `HH` is in the range [00, 23], `MM` and `SS` are both in [00, 59]. It is assumed that no two customers arrives at the same time.

Notice that the bank opens from 08:00 to 17:00. Anyone arrives early will have to wait in line till 08:00, and anyone comes too late (at or after 17:00:01) will not be served nor counted into the average.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, print in one line the average waiting time of all the customers, in minutes and accurate up to 1 decimal place.

### Sample Input:

```in
7 3
07:55:00 16
17:00:01 2
07:59:59 15
08:01:00 60
08:00:00 30
08:00:02 2
08:03:00 10
```

### Sample Output:

```out
8.2
```



## 问题描述：

某银行某天来了N个顾客，该银行有K个窗口，银行开业时间是早上8点到17:00 只要在这个时间来的顾客都可以处理。早上提前来的要等开门，之后来的忽略不计。然后一天来了n个人，求这几个能被处理的人的平均等待时间。

